Add information about re-triggering actions in Pull Request (#40)
packit-service/packit.dev: content/packit-as-a-service/_index.md

![Packit service pull request](/packit-service-pr.png)

### How to re-trigger Packit Service actions in your pull request?

> Packit Service is able to trigger a pull request comments and reacts on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packit Service is able to trigger new builds based on a specific pull request comment.
```
